Setup:
  Need Three entities -> player 1, player 2, destination
  Placed randomly on the cartesian plane (-800, 800)

Movement
  Player 1 and 2 will take turns moving to the fixed destination

  Main Restriction: 
    1. Players can only move on the hypothnuse of a right-angled triangle
    2. Lengths of the sides of the triangle must form a primative pythagorean triple
      -> a primative pythagorean triple is a triangle that all sides are coprime.
      -> coprime means that the highest common divisor is 1. 
        For example: (3, 4, 5)'s hcf is 1
      -> We get a list of these triples (first 127)
    3. the non-hypothenuse sides, a and b, have to be parallel to the x and y axis of the cartesian plane.

  Figure out how to make a reusable means of achieving translations.
    -> Can't use trigonometry
    -> split into 1-8 directions, by splitting each quadrent into 2
      Eg. 1 will be 0-45 degrees in cartesian
        -> cartesian means 0 degrees is East and the positive direction is counter-clockwise.
    -> a player can request to move x units in direction y
      Eg. 5 <space> 3, where 5 is the distance and 3 is the direction.
    -> Use the pythagorean triples
      Idea: get the hypothenuse from the list that matches the distance, then 
    -> Also means left side will be b,a right will be a,b

Use functions, no import except numpy, random and time
reject negative Lengths and directions beyond 1, 8
The players and destination will be dictionaries, called player_one, player_two, destination
player dictionaries will contain -> current coordinates, distance from destination, midpoint coordinantes to other player, gradient of the line connecting player to destination and personal space buffer of 10 units
in the destination dictionary should only contain current coordinatines and personal space buffer
both distance and gradient are to 1 decimal place.
then print current information
optional termcolor
player wins if their coordinates are within the destination personal space buffer or if they reach the other players personal space buffer
if a number without a triple is selected, use closest lower triple number
add comments and commits
submit through a presentation 


